dude I would love to hang out at either
one actually I think he's so funny
me and Dennis used to watch a stream
before he got banned initially like the
first time it was like when he was
really blowing up hard and we would just
watch a stream after scrimps in like
laughs our ass off it was it was he's
probably one of the most entertaining
people line I've ever seen well he just
wad finals but that's not stopping him
from completing his Wow mission so areas
are setting in for this interview I'm
joined right now by doublelift with
covers presented by Omni slash for yet
another you Kate we do this frequently
now you just win and then I interview
yeah it's like routine last five years I
think not five that's a little generous
well like whatever fine first row fee
was 2015
well let's not let's not edit history
you know there was a long dry spell all
right so you you won I there were a lot
of people going into this it kind of
felt like cloud nine was favored a lot
of people were hyping up cloud nine and
they had all this momentum they beat you
recently and so a lot of people if if
not voting for cloud nine or pertaining
cloud nine win at least a five game
series
it was so one-sided what happened I
thought clone n was gonna play better
and I actually thought we were gonna
play a lot worse I think I like briefly
skimmed the reddit thread right after
we'd finished playing because I was
wondering what the community thought
about it it was really one-sided
I think cloud nine was like going for a
lot of plays and they're especially
trying to keep us from playing
aggressive bought and the twitch pick
actually threw me off pretty hard the
first game I was trolling and like I
randomly died when holy base and I was
like how I was so stupid and then the
second game the same thing happen to
Olay we're twist stealth Brahmin in and
like you just don't think about twitch
at that exact moment so your positions
almost up and you know both of us
basically we died in the first two games
to twitch it was actually very very
smart for them to pull out a champion
that like I didn't have a lot of
experience against I'm sure they knew
that like no one plays that champ so
they were going for plays but like when
it came to mid game our team was just
like too good I think we were calling
out their play really well
something that you know our coach really
enforces a lot is to communicate their
play not just focus on what we're doing
focus on what they're doing - so like c9
couldn't get anything off whenever they
try to gank us we just backed off and
had the perfect distance where we lost
as little as we could while still not
giving them an opportunity to get what
they want and yeah like I think we did a
really good job of holding off when it
was their turn to go in and then when it
was our turn to go in we really pulled
the trigger fast so I'm pretty proud of
the team like I think we've played
amazing and so it look like clown 9
wasn't doing anything but they're
actually going for a lot they're really
aggressive early game team they picked
Jamie's like Lisa and hecarim and they
go for stuff I think what's like
unappreciated is their ability to like
deflect those plays so I was really
proud that we were able to do that and
it it's a really suffocating playstyle
to play against us cuz it feels like you
can't do anything everything that you're
doing it just bounces off but everything
that we do we go all in we commit
everyone to it so yeah we were it was a
good game
hearing how excited you are in proud of
the series do you think this is the the
best series you guys have played all
year yeah I would say I would say like
cloud 9 is a way stronger opponent than
hundred thieves was last split so three
zero in cloud nine it like really
cements our confidence and like cements
that what we're doing it's we're on the
right path we have a long way to go
I feel like cloud 9 their strat this
series was just to bait us into picking
certain champions like Caixa and try to
punish early try to get like get plays
off try to keep the pace of the game up
and fast and we didn't let them do that
so yeah like overall the the kind of
mentality I have coming like coming out
of the finals is we read our opponents
well which we need to do at Worlds and
we reacted well in game which we
definitely need to do at Worlds but we
still like maintained our identity and I
think that's like the main thing that
I've had problems with is keeping like
my goal in mind like what is my win
condition as a player and was there one
condition as a team like - to fight the
enemy team and kill them and then take
their base so
like a lot of times you get lost and
you're just thinking about all these
random things but you don't realize like
the way you wouldn't League is you just
kill them and then then you take their
base this time it was like you know I
really want us to come out swinging hard
you said that you're on this show that
you're on the right track but you still
have a long way to go it any fans might
be a little word hearing that you don't
have another match to play like you get
straight into worlds after this
yeah our road really is through the
crane we can't like practice is
important having the right practice
partners is important yeah I don't know
I've had really bad experiences with
Korean boot camps I'm not gonna lie I've
had like five in my career every single
one was a failure I think this one you
know like it could we have to do it
because the worlds is in Korea everyone
is going to be there it's it's not like
a choice that we make so you know we're
gonna make them we're gonna make the
most of it and as far as like how far we
have to go as a team that's just the
truth for every team when you go to
Worlds what happens is normally like
every team thinks that their strat is
like say kiss like that they're
really good that what their priority is
on the game and they're champions that
they play that is correct
and then you just get blasted by random
teams random strategies you never
thought of it you don't you don't
understand a certain interaction and it
just like wipes the game so yeah like
that's what happens at Worlds you learn
every team learns really fast or you
just you suffocated and like died and
then you know you come into worlds
really weak every year around this time
the same question gets asked to a
million different people but you have
never shied away from real talking in my
interviews so I expect you will answer
this in an honest way like does na
actually have a chance at Worlds this
year or is this gonna be like the
miracle it would it be a miracle in your
mind if na makes it to like semis or
even finals would be a miracle well yeah
I think it would be a miracle for us to
make finals but like miracles happen at
Worlds
well is this usually the time when
miracles happen and I think like our
team's mentality that's really a goodbye
our sports psychologist is no matter
what happens
we'll find a way to win and I think like
that kind of steadfast mentality is
really important because when you go
into a game and you get really behind or
you go into a game and like you're
playing against RNG you you feel like
everything's against you and you might
not be able to win but our mentality is
always just like hold your ground and no
matter what happens like we can win so I
think that's important like it's really
cheesy actually but it's really
important to come into Worlds thinking
yeah like who cares what everyone thinks
like I don't I didn't let like whatever
people were saying about me after last
Worlds affect me and then like we just
came in as a brand new roster basically
on Team Liquid which is a meme demon
like we crushed it so we're gonna find a
way to overcome all the problems you've
always been one of the most hyped
players in the na LCS you now are tied
with bjergsen for victories for trophies
it it's interesting I'm kind of curious
what you think of your standing in the
LCS like do you think that you're in the
running for greatest player of all time
in North America or you know legacy
because a lot of people are talking
about now because it was a sheer number
of years that you've been playing and
now that you've found success so
frequently I don't think I'm in the
running I think I already got it
yeah I'm just kidding I think no I'm not
really kidding but I don't really think
about it honestly like titles are cool
I'll look back in 10 years and like I'll
have those titles and they'll be nice
and I can I can kind of I don't know
just reminisce about you know the path
that I took to get here but I feel like
I have so much left to do
I don't want to look back and feel
regret that like I didn't do as much as
I could because I was too busy like
thinking about how sick I am like I
think I'm a good player for sure
obviously I have confidence that I'm
good and like I have confidence and I'm
world-class actually but it's a team
game like I need I need everyone on my
team to like play together as one as one
mind and like just work together I guess
like it's all about it's all about
working together my playstyle literally
just doesn't work unless my teammates
play perfectly you know like they have
to play really really well with me and
then you know I can be this really
greedy player that everyone kind of
knows I like to be anyways yeah titles
are cool but I don't think about it
actually I'm really just grateful that
my teammates play the way they do well
you see as you said you're really
confident yourself
one thing that's interesting you got MVP
the split you weren't even a top three
voted ADC last split so how was that
path like in order to climb out of the
the bowels of a DC ATC demand comment as
of MVP oh geez
yeah actually forgot about that and I
think this was also the year that Freak
voted me BT which I thought was
hilarious maybe it was I think that was
last year that was when you were me
because that was when you worth bio
Frost and you you'd use the B on Twitter
I remember a lot the B no it's it's cool
I don't really think too much about what
the community says anymore accepts I
like I do read it but it doesn't dwell
on my mind as much I think I've gotten
burned too many times you know like I
know and I'm really grateful for all the
fans that like love me and support me
and they hype me up and they like they
bring me up they'd really like elevate
my mentality and like they elevate like
the the love that I feel every day and
also like there's you know fans less of
them but like there's still fans that
like tear everyone down when they're
having a down moment so I try not to let
it dwell on my mind too much I guess and
yeah like not being voted as a really
high ad carry last split I didn't think
about it like we won the split so like I
don't remember that until you bring it
up thanks a lot
I mean I've brought it up a lot in this
past year but yeah yeah so you know I
remember the times when I got burned
really hard after worlds especially
American fans are disappointed and they
want to blame someone so they blame the
most popular player at the most popular
team and you know they really magnify
those problems and also when I'm doing
well everyone celebrates everyone like
really circular directs me hard and it
makes me feel pretty good so I try to
let it just kind of glide off
there's a note before this interview
about you bringing making jerk-off
references and interviews I I don't know
you seem to keep doing that whatever I'm
sorry I'm sorry Nicola with with you no
I I did I'm excited to interview you
somebody who certainly believes he is
but others have said is the greatest na
LCS player of all time today earlier I
had the privilege of entering what is
undoubtedly our interviewing what is
undoubtedly the the greatest na player
of all time even though he's never been
in the LCS in Tyler one did you have a
chance to interact with him at all of
this event did you see him dude I would
love to hang out at either one actually
I think he's so funny me and Dennis used
to watch a stream before he got banned
initially like the first time it was
like when he was really blowing up hard
and we would just watch his stream after
screams in like laughs our ass off it
was it was he's probably one of the most
entertaining people I've ever seen and
you know I like of course I've
subscribed to his YouTube I watched his
house to her like he's a beast
so no I haven't had a chance but it
would be an honor it would be a
privilege I'm sad we weren't able to
make that happen because in the
interview you were basically the the one
player he brought up not he didn't seem
to think that you were better than him
or that he you know were he I think he
respected we contextualized it as he
respected that you were trying to be as
good as him and that you were really
pushing hard for that so it's
unfortunately you weren't able to to
catch him other than any final thoughts
on the event or your experience here I
was a lot easier than I thought it would
be honestly I'm really I'm still shocked
that like we just three out him again
man I really wanted to be a five-game
series I wanted to have my back to the
wall you know like the last moment the
last teamfight of the game like try to
clutch it out I had like visions of
clutching the last teamfight of the last
game Game five but it just ended up
being like we're just better how
disappointing
I guess it's what it's like to play in a
teams that worlds well I'm excited to
see how you do at Worlds as as we wrap
up this interview it's unfortunate that
you guys went 300 because kalbi was here
watching alongside me and didn't get as
much time to spend with him but
hopefully you get a chance to see him
tonight anything that you would say to
any of the fans dude I love the fans
especially recently
like I know I'm on an upswing but my
fans really like they're going out
swinging they're swinging on every other
like team and every other ad carry's
fans you know telling them they're
garbage like that you know it's like
it's it's really insane I I almost feel
I almost feel kind of guilty that I'm
causing so many like online arguments
and stuff but at the same time I'm super
fishy - you know my fans are the best
they're so passionate like whenever I
meet them there they're really excited
much to the disappointment of my
teammates who are just standing there
but like yeah dude I love all of my fans
thank you guys so much well thank you so
much for the interview doublelift again
looking forward to seeing how you guys
do at Worlds hey who's gonna make it our
gauntlet hot take C 9 that's hot it's
it's a 50/50 between them and TSM well
you pick them for anyone else you can
check out the rest my coverage of all
things a sports right here on my youtube
channel so wanna thank you so much for
watching this and thanks to Omni slash
for supporting this content I think it's
really important you know we've thought
we've seen doublelift grow so much over
the course of the years he's now got an
MVP he's in contention I think there's a
lot of discussion about him maybe being
the most valuable player of all time in
North America and I just want to give a
shout-out to myself because I still I
mean would he really this is it's not
even just like the living thing I just
I've support him so much and you know he
it's really the positivity that they
give him that gives them the confidence
to succeed on stage so I just don't want
us to forget really who is who's really
making this possible
Omni flash for the support of this video
and you for watching it thanks so much